For that problem I just described the last video where we do have more complex calculations when fetching
our state and possibly do have this in multiple parts of our application, for this problem,
we do have a solution. Instead of directly accessing our state in the component where we want to access
it,
we can create a getter, such a getter would then get the state from the store and perform any calculations
it should perform
but then we access this getter from our different components.
Hence our calculation, our code is stored in one place and then we only reach out to that getter from
the pieces in our application where we wanted to reach out. Let's have a look at how we could implement
this in the next video.